README.md, before:

# SWE 632 User Interface Projects & Homeworks

[![Contributions Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-Welcome-brightgreen.svg)](#contributing)

Welcome to my **SWE 632** repository, which contains my user interface projects and homework assignments. This course focuses on UI design principles, metrics, and best practices, providing hands-on experience with web technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, and more.

---

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Homework Assignments](#homework-assignments)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

---

## Overview
This repository serves as a portfolio of my work for **SWE 632**. Each folder (or branch) corresponds to a specific project, assignment, or feature. Feel free to explore the code, read documentation, and see the **user interface** concepts at play.

### Key Topics
- **UI/UX Design Principles**  
- **HTML/CSS/JavaScript**  
- **Bootstrap**  
- **Accessibility and Usability**  
- **Interface Metrics**  

---

## Projects
1. **Instant Market Online Store**  
   A simple online marketplace allowing buyers to search for products, sellers to list products, and an instant transaction matching feature.  
   - Includes a **basic AI** feature for price suggestions.  
   - Showcases interface metrics such as **visibility of system status** and **user control**.

2. **Additional Projects**  
   - *(Add more details on other UI projects or prototypes if needed.)*

---

## Homework Assignments
- **Homework 1**: Basic HTML/CSS **Wireframe** for a new user interface.  
- **Homework 2**: JavaScript-based **interactive forms** with validation.  
- **Homework 3**: Bootstrap-powered **responsive page** layout.  
- **Homework 4**: Adding **interface metrics** analysis to a sample UI.  
- *(Add or remove as needed.)*

---

## Technologies
- **HTML5** for structure  
- **CSS3** (optionally with SASS/SCSS) for styling  
- **JavaScript (ES6+)** for interactivity  
- **Bootstrap** for responsive layouts and components  
- *(Any additional libraries or frameworks you’ve used.)*

---

## Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git

Commit message:

Add initial project files including .gitignore, package.json, HTML structure, and CSS styles

README.md, after:

# SWE 632 User Interface Projects & Homeworks

[![Contributions Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-Welcome-brightgreen.svg)](#contributing)

Welcome to my **SWE 632** repository, which contains my user interface projects and homework assignments. This course focuses on UI design principles, metrics, and best practices, providing hands-on experience with web technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, and more.

---
## Live Server Setup and Usage

### Install Live Server Locally

Run the following command in the project directory:

npm install --save-dev live-server

npm start

---
## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Projects](#projects)
- [Homework Assignments](#homework-assignments)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

---

## Overview
This repository serves as a portfolio of my work for **SWE 632**. Each folder (or branch) corresponds to a specific project, assignment, or feature. Feel free to explore the code, read documentation, and see the **user interface** concepts at play.

### Key Topics
- **UI/UX Design Principles**  
- **HTML/CSS/JavaScript**  
- **Bootstrap**  
- **Accessibility and Usability**  
- **Interface Metrics**  

---

## Projects
1. **Instant Market Online Store**  
   A simple online marketplace allowing buyers to search for products, sellers to list products, and an instant transaction matching feature.  
   - Includes a **basic AI** feature for price suggestions.  
   - Showcases interface metrics such as **visibility of system status** and **user control**.

2. **Additional Projects**  
   - *(Add more details on other UI projects or prototypes if needed.)*

---

## Homework Assignments
- **Homework 1**: Basic HTML/CSS **Wireframe** for a new user interface.  
- **Homework 2**: JavaScript-based **interactive forms** with validation.  
- **Homework 3**: Bootstrap-powered **responsive page** layout.  
- **Homework 4**: Adding **interface metrics** analysis to a sample UI.  
- *(Add or remove as needed.)*

---

## Technologies
- **HTML5** for structure  
- **CSS3** (optionally with SASS/SCSS) for styling  
- **JavaScript (ES6+)** for interactivity  
- **Bootstrap** for responsive layouts and components  
- *(Any additional libraries or frameworks you’ve used.)*

---

## Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running, follow these simple steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git
